---
title: Lesson 6-Fuze Box
layout: post
author: kishen.guruparan
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1G09-kV6mwb0M2PZpKB704oza1p7eg4ZsrMLC6wtF8Ho
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 6 Fuze Box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on from last week's code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the round up section </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>WE had a slow start this week because last week we had lost our code and this meant we had to borrow a friend's memory stick to copy and paste our code back. This was really helpful but we still had to type a bit more code to actually get back to where we left off.
For the first half of the lesson, my partner typed up some of the code we lost last week and some new lines. Then for the second half, I typed up the new code that was carrying on from last week’s code. Again, I used the same strategy as last time which was staying on Caps lock because most of the code was in capitals.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Some time was wasted when I transferred some of the codes I didn’t have from my partner’s memory stick to mine. Also, I kept making silly typing mistakes which meant we had to go back and change some code a little bit. I was quite slow at first but after a while I was typing a bit faster.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson, I will try and not make silly typing mistakes and I will save our work a bit more often so if we did lose our code then we wouldn’t be that far behind. I also have to try and keep my eyes out for little details in code like spaces which I tend to miss sometimes. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


